Just pile on
the sauerkraut and onions.
Sure thing.
You better load mine up, too.
Okay.
BAEZ: Well, this is
a new record.
What, for how long
we'll have to ride around
with the windows down
after eating these?
No, how long
my New Year's diet lasted.
Oh.
Mine lasted ten minutes
into the Rose Bowl.
There you go.
Thank you.
Come to mama.
(gunshots)
(people screaming)
(gunshots continue)
You see the shooter?
DANNY:
Heavy coat with a mask.
(people screaming)
Help him!
I got the shooter!
(brakes screeching)
Move it!
(panicked shouting)
Get out of the way!
Move!
(shouting)
Watch out!
(shrieks)
(gunshots, tires screeching)
Move.
(car alarm whooping)
Stay on the ground.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Where'd the shooter go?
Hey, man,
we need help over here!
All right, just step back!
Call 911!
Officer Brent Miller
is promoted to the rank
of Detective Third Grade.
Thank you.
Congratulations,
Detective.
Thank you, sir.
Our final promotion goes to
Sergeant Sidney Gormley.
He is promoted
to the rank of Lieutenant.
(camera shutter clicking)
Congratulations, Lieutenant.
Thank you, sir.
And again, congratulations
to all of you
and, just as importantly,
to your families.
A lot to be proud of here today.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Commissioner Reagan,
my wife Sheila.
Nice to finally meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.
Look, uh, I gotta
make the rounds.
I'll be right back.
SHEILA: Okay.
Detective Miller.
How's that sound?
Fantastic, sir.
This is my
mother, Phyllis.
Nice to
meet you.
We're lucky to have him.
Well, thank you.
And my father, Don.
Don. Congratulations.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Tell me where we've met.
We haven't.
Oh.
Well, enjoy this day.
Thank you, sir.
Sid, Baker.
Detective Miller's dad.
Have him detained as soon
as he leaves the room.
As discreetly as possible.
Yes, sir.
JAMIE:
No, no, no. I'm just saying...
remake all the
movies you want,
just don't
touch  Jaws.
Don't you think a CGI shark
would look better?
One more word
and you're out of the car.
Stop!
Whoa! Whoa! Crazy lady!
Please, stop!
Officer, please, help!
Officer, they're gonna kill him!
What happened?
A guy hit a girl, but it was an accident.
Where is he?
Okay, right around the corner,
right over there.
Right around
the corner.
Oh, wow.
Oh, geez.
She wasn't kidding.
(siren whoops)
Here we go.
12-David requesting a 10-85,
forthwith.
Numerous additional
units for crowd control,
corner of 34 and Lex.
(crowd shouting)
(angry shouting)
MAN: Gotta do something
about this street!
You set?
Yeah.
All right, keep it tight.
Yeah. Let's go.
Here!
He's over here!
Okay, ma'am,
please back up.
Step to the side.
Relax.
Back up! Back up!
Step aside! Back up!
Back up!
Police!
Step back! Step back!
Get away from the door!
(horn honking)
Tough guy? Huh?!
(indistinct shouting)
Get your hands off him!
Help me!
Get off!
(angry shouting)
Get back! Off!
(grunting)
Get off!
Let go!
Hey, you!
Back off!
(indistinct shouting)
He almost killed Mia over there!
All right!
(panting, sobbing)
Back off!
It was just an accident!
All right, calm down!
Stop talking.
Calm down!
Son of a bitch tried
to get away,
so he's getting what he
deserves, ain't that right?
(shouting)
Ain't that right?
Huh?
Back up!
We got it. We got it.
Is she okay?
She's doing okay.
Just call a bus.
Central, 12-David,
we need a bus at this location.
Re: young girl, hurt.
Hit by a vehicle.
♪ Blue Bloods 5x10 ♪
Sins of the Father
Original Air Date on January 2, 2015
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪  ♪
(indistinct radio transmission)
Blood trail goes
from here to Duane Park.
Get photos of it all.
Dead guy's name was
Curtis Fallows,
22 years old.
I can't believe
this guy ran three blocks
after being shot in the marbles.
Well, adrenaline's
a hell of a drug.
I'm guessing shooter knocked
on the front door over there,
Curtis opens up,
takes a shot
to the groin,
runs down
the fire escape
and the chase is on.
Any clues to what
this guy did for a living?
I don't know,
but whatever it was,
it wasn't enough.
He's got collection notices
up the wazoo over here.
Detectives?
DANNY:
Yeah, what do you got?
Lady across
the hall
in 2B says
two nights ago
some guy was banging
on your deceased's door,
yelling he better
“pay back the loan he got,”
'cause if he didn't,
he was “dead meat.”
Have CSU dust the front door
for prints ASAP.
And watch the blood.
Got it.
Guess he didn't
pay back the loan.
Yeah. And now he
is dead meat.
No pun intended.
(indistinct radio transmission)
Oh, whoa, hey.
Hold-hold up,
hold up.
Hey.
Hang in there; you're
gonna be fine, okay?
Thank you.
Okay.
Thanks, guys.
(distant siren wailing)
Is she okay?
Just cuts
and scrapes.
See you got the
crowd calmed down.
Yeah.
They're still pissed.
Mia's the third kid
who's been hit
on this street
in two months.
The city hasn't
done anything.
Well, I'm not sure
human sacrifice
is the way to get
speed bumps installed.
WOMAN:
Hey! Excuse me.
You two were
the first on the scene?
Yeah. And just in
time, Detective.
How's the driver?
Rattled, bruised.
(handcuffs clicking)
Claims he didn't even know
he hit someone
until he turned that corner
and saw people
waving behind him.
Circled round the block and came
back to see what happened.
I did not mean
to hurt her.
I tried to be responsible,
but they all attacked me!
Relax,
Mr. Santiago.
You'll get your
day in court.
Look, this is
a crapfest all around.
Highway's en route
to give him a sobriety test,
but I want statements
from everyone
and I want the guy
who was trying to string him up.
I know who the ringleader was.
And I'll interview
witnesses.
All right.
Then let's get to work.
GORMLEY (over speaker):
You admit you've been living
under an alias-- Donald Miller--
when your real name
is Donald DeCarlo.
Yes.
And you knew you were wanted
in connection
with the shooting death
of Police Officer
Steven Dixon back in 1976.
Yes.
Could I get a glass of water,
please?
(knock on door)
That's your guy, Pop.
I can't believe we
finally got him.
Walked right into One PP.
He gave himself up?
Well, not exactly.
I promoted his son
to detective
and he came to the ceremony.
Does Danny know?
Yeah, I got
word to him.
(chuckles)
30-some-odd years,
three generations of us
trying to find him,
and he falls right into our lap.
I never would've
recognized him.
Oh.
Last time I saw him,
he had hair down
to his shoulders.
I had TARU
age-progress his teenage
mugshot every
five years.
Bald, not bald.
Beard, no beard...
all the variables.
I guess I got used to the idea
that the “one who got away”
really did.
(door closes)
GORMLEY:
Here.
Thank you.
Yes, I was the kid
that Officer Dixon
was chasing that day.
But someone else shot him.
Oh, the ever-popular
“someone else.”
If you weren't the shooter,
then who was?
I don't know.
Someone reached out
from behind me and fired.
I never saw who it was.
Yeah?
I have never so much as
even touched a gun
my entire life!
I saw you do it, pal.
GORMLEY: Oh, yeah, so you're telling me
you did time in Spofford
as a juvenile for
robberies and burglaries
and then went out on the lam
for almost 40 years
for a crime you didn't commit?
Because I knew that
no one would believe me.
But from that day,
I have turned myself around.
I got married, had Brent.
I mean, if I were a cop-killer,
would I have encouraged him
to become a cop?
That's why
I had to come see my
boy get his promotion.
Come on, Officer, we weren't
really trying to hurt that guy.
Yeah, you were just pulling
his ass out of that car
to see if
he was okay, right?
He almost
killed Mary.
She's like a kid
sister to me.
Mia.
Her name's Mia.
That-That's what
I meant, Mia.
You don't even know her.
You just wanted
to beat someone up.
You know what?
Here's your chance.
Go on. Have fun.
I'll get my cuffs
back later.
So, that's our
ringleader?
Yeah, not so tough
now, is he?
How'd that
Breathalyzer go?
Mr. Santiago blew a .12.
Which means we got him
for leaving the scene,
reckless endangerment
and DWI.
Sounds like
a good day.
Thanks to you and
your partner.
Hey.
Detective?
We got a problem.
That woman...
says there were
two people in the car.
Come again?
Yeah, she says
the guy you collared
wasn't even
the one driving.
So, who was?
She couldn't see,
but she swears Mr. Santiago
was in the passenger seat,
and when the car came
back around the block,
he was behind the wheel
and alone.
Maybe she's confused.
She seems sharp
as a tack.
How long you
been on the job?
A little over a year.
So you're barely off probation
and already playing detective?
I have
a credible witness.
I have the guy
who hit the girl
in the box right now
writing out his confession
and still a little
intox while doing it.
Detective...
Thanks for your help, guys.
(scoffs)
You believe me, right?
I believe you believe
your witness.
That's it?
She's one witness
out of a hundred, Eddie.
And my gut.
Which is all you usually have
when you drag us deeper
on some case.
What, I said I would go
and talk to her.
You know what,
don't worry about it.
Eddie, please.
Hey!
Nice car.
Yeah, maybe I can take you
for a ride.
I'll show you a place
you've never been before.
Oh!
Max Murdock, police.
What'd I do?
Same thing you always do
when someone doesn't pay.
You whack 'em.
I don't whack people...
(grunts)
So there's another Max Murdock
at this address
who's known to work as
a leg-breaker for loan sharks?
I mean, I-I quit that job.
Really?
'Cause two nights ago, you were
banging on some guy's door,
saying you were
gonna kill him.
You left your
prints all over it.
What guy?
BAEZ: Curtis Fallows,
the guy you gunned down
this morning in Duane Park.
Curtis is dead?
Oh, look at that,
he does know the guy.
Uh-huh.
Okay, I didn't quit that job.
But you did kill him
'cause he didn't pay up.
(breathing excitedly)
These porn types always pay up.
Whoa, slow down, back up.
What do you mean “porn types”?
My boss is branching out.
He's financing films
of an erotic nature.
Ends up making loans
to some of 'em, too.
Yeah, I'm not really catching
an alibi in any of this garbage,
are you, partner?
No, just a bunch of words like,
“films of an erotic nature.”
(cell phone rings)
I suggest you come up
with an alibi real quick,
and make it a good one.
Otherwise, you're gonna
be starring in your own pornos
in the joint, you follow me?
I was in Bensonhurt.
Uh-huh.
Breaking a guy's arm.
I'll give you his number,
he'll tell you
I wasn't in Duane Park.
Copping to assault so you don't
get locked up for murder.
You're almost not
as dumb as you look.
His alibi will check out.
What, you're psychic now?
Ten minutes ago,
patrol responded
to a homicide in Kips Bay.
Some guy wearing
the same kind of mask knocked
on a woman's door
and killed her as she opened it.
I'm guessing that's
the guy we're looking for.
(exhales, coughs)
Alana Robbins.
26, Rhode Island license.
The neighbors all describe
the killer as the guy
with the heavy coat
and mask we saw in Duane Park.
Stabbing's a different
M.O., though.
Yeah, but I think
this was plan B.
Killer must have got the gun
jammed, tossed it over here.
Got up close
and personal with her.
What kind of
pistol is that?
Well, it's at least a .45.
Choosed for hunting,
same as that knife.
An outdoorsman in the city?
Maybe he's from out of town.
Though that doesn't explain
why he'd kill her.
Because she was
a porn star, too?
Big Apples 6.
Huh, I didn't even know
there was a one through five.
And  Taxi Driver Secrets
and  Maids in Manhattan.
All produced at some place
called Cinema Kitty Studio.
Well, I guess we're
gonna be calling L.A.
Actually, just a drive
over to Chelsea.
They make pornos in New York?
Since when?
Since the Internet
and the 12-megapixel
camera phone came along.
Well, I mean,
that's what I heard.
Right. I'm sure that's
just what you've heard.
Hey, Lenny.
Can I have a minute?
Hi, Mr. Santiago,
I'm Officer Janko.
I know, you and your partner
saved me-- thank you.
The way you're trying
to save whoever it was
that was really
driving your car?
I was driving.
You were in the
passenger seat.
No, it was me.
I'd been drinking.
Yeah, that's probably
why they were driving.
But after
they hit Mia,
you made them get
out of the car.
And then you drove
around the block.
Can you take me to jail now?
Mr. Santiago,
just talk to me.
I wrote down my confession.
That's called making
a false statement.
JAMIE:
Hey, Eddie.
Hey, what's going on
here, partner?
She's saying
that I'm lying.
I'm saying you're doing
something wrong
even if it's
for the right reasons.
Eddie, let's go.
Now.
Because he's already
been interrogated.
Detective,
I was just...
Going on a little crusade,
like your partner?
Excuse me?
Yeah, Reagan, everyone knows
you like to kick over rocks,
in hopes of finding
a promotion underneath.
But your old man
is not his old man.
So, you screw
with my case again,
you will regret it.
I'll take him down
to Central Booking myself.
Let's go.
Move it.
EDDIE:
Mr. Santiago.
Eddie, what the
hell are you doing?
I'm trying
to find the truth.
You got to have
more than your gut.
I have a witness.
Who you wouldn't
let me talk to.
You know what, Reagan?
I learned, like,
a million things from you.
In fact, I learn something new
from you every single day.
So it's time that
you learned something, too.
Yeah, like what?
Like to trust me.
This ought
to warm you up.
(clattering)
MAN: Watch out.
Wait.
Wait, cut.
Cut!
She seems talented.
I'll be sure to let Linda
know you're a fan.
I'm just saying, I recognize
a talent when I see it.
Well, maybe we can
get you a DVD.
WOMAN:
Hi.
I'm Cat Holloway.
Detective Reagan
and Baez.
This is about Curtis
and Alana, right?
You already
heard, then.
Yeah, we all have.
Everybody's been freaked out
all morning.
Matter of fact,
can we go over here?
It's kind of a mood-killer,
and we're way behind.
Great.
So, how often did Curtis
and Alana work for you?
Him a little,
her a lot.
Cinema Kitty produces
women-centered
sex-positive erotica.
Oh, you mean like those R-rated
soft-focus, uh, porns?
Uh, no, it's X-rated, but
we cater to women's fantasies.
Ah.
Anyone's fantasies
go unfulfilled?
A disgruntled employee?
Overeager fan, maybe?
Not that I know of.
Only problem that we've ever
had was Josie Phillips.
That's, uh, one
of your stars, I take it?
Yep, from
Montana, I think.
Last year.
BAEZ: What was
the problem?
Josie started
partying too much.
She stopped
showing up to work.
I had to let her go.
And then three
months later,
she jumped off a building
in Madison Square.
So? Small town girl moves
to the big city,
lives the wild life
and commits suicide.
Couple days later,
the cops came by.
Said somebody from Montana
called and claimed
that Curtis and Alana had, uh,
seduced her over the Internet.
But her death was
ruled a suicide.
Okay.
Thanks for your time.
Let me know if you
need anything else.
So, maybe the “someone
from Montana” wasn't happy
about that,
and decided to get even?
Yeah, her dad.
So now you're
a psychic?
No, but I am a father.
The Cold Case Squad has sent
over their file on DeCarlo.
Mm-hmm.
I have our people tracking down
all of the old witnesses.
And your 4:30 is
a half an hour early,
so I put him
in your office.
Uh, okay.
What was wrong
with the lobby?
He said
the chairs suck.
Thank you, Morgan.
Look who's raring to go.
I've been waiting a
long time for this.
Okay, then why don't you walk me
through the facts of the case.
Do you want
to refresh your memory?
Don't need to.
Remember that day like it
happened yesterday.
Well, I wasn't
even born, yet.
So I'm gonna cheat.
Okay.
Report says that at 10:45 hours
on January 14, 19...
1977.
I'm in a radio car
in the Bowery
when Steve Dixon
calls for backup
because he's chasing
a kid for a burglary,
when a bunch of other kids
start throwing bottles at him.
Are you sure about that?
Which part?
DD-5 says 1976.
What'd I say?
'77.
Same difference.
Anyway, I arrive
on the scene.
And, sure enough,
there's Steve,
surrounded in the courtyard
of this apartment building
at 444 South Doyle.
Uh... (clears throat)
And... (sighs)
What?
It says 448 East Harvey.
(sighs)
The only thing that matters
is that I saw Donald DeCarlo
with a Saturday night
special in his hand,
and the next thing you
know, Dixon is dead.
That's all a jury
needs to hear.
Detectives Baez and Reagan.
We're looking
for Jerry Phillips?
My husband went for a walk.
Do you know where to, ma'am?
No, he just likes to walk.
We called your place in Montana
to ask you some questions
and found out
you were in New York.
Oh, well, is there a problem?
A lot of people visit New York.
Do you mind if we come in,
Mrs. Phillips?
Oh, not at all.
Forgive the mess.
Housekeeping hasn't been by yet.
So, how long have you
and your husband been in town?
Uh, three days.
It's a little overwhelming.
You on vacation?
Yes. Well, I mean, not exactly.
We came to lay roses
where our daughter
passed away last year.
But you haven't yet?
(grunts)
Every day, we say,
“Today we'll go.”
And then Jerry says
he's not ready.
It's got to be tough.
Does your husband hunt, ma'am?
Why are you asking me this?
Reagan.
I got something.
An indentation from the top page
that's been ripped off.
Did you write this,
Mrs. Phillips?
No, Jerry did.
It's an address.
You think?
Only one way to find out.
Wait, what's going on?
Sorry to take up your time.
Have a nice day.
Be safe in the city.
Well, how many details
did he get wrong?
More than he got right.
He can review his notes
before he takes the stand.
Dad, we're talking
about Grandpa here.
A defense attorney
starts hammering him
about some inconsistency,
Grandpa is gonna
start hammering back
and down goes the gavel.
Yeah, I know.
He's the only witness we've got.
There were ten
other witnesses there.
And half of them did not
see DeCarlo with a gun.
The other half are either dead
or unreachable.
Which is why I am thinking
of a plea deal.
You don't want to plead out
a cop killer.
No, I don't.
But it's better than nothing,
and that's pretty much
what I've got right now.
Look...
Pop's been after this guy
for 40 years,
and he handed it down to me.
And I gave it to Joe,
and then to Danny.
I can't let it go at a discount.
You can't look at it
that way, Dad.
Erin, I can't look at it
any other way.
All right, thanks.
You find out
who lives here?
The porn director
from that set we were on,
Jake Gayley.
(gunshots)
Shots fired!
Police!
Coming in!
Everybody okay?!
Don't move, you.
Get the mask off.
Come on.
Now.
Jerry Phillips?
They killed my daughter.
Detectives, I don't know
what you want me to say.
Okay, so you confess
to killing Alana Robbins,
Jake Gayley and Curtis Fallows.
Yes.
For what they did to
my daughter, they deserved it.
This department didn't think
they even deserved
to be arrested.
This department?
You heard her.
All I heard was excuses
why nothing could be proven,
why none of them
could be charged.
There are such things as laws.
There's also what's right.
So you decide to play God?
Is that what you did?
“For if there was harm,
you shall appoint as penalty
life for life, eye for eye,
tooth for tooth.”
Exodus 21:23.
“Do not take vengeance
against evil,
but wait for the Lord,
and He will avenge you.”
Proverbs 20:22.
You ever had a child die?
Almost.
And a broken heart is no excuse
for what the hell you did!
I came to you people for help,
and nothing happened!
I am not
a smart man
or a rich man,
but I am a family man.
And as such, I did what's right.
Really?
Yes, I did!
HENRY: ...which we are about to receive
from thy bounty
though Christ our Lord. Amen.
ALL:
Amen.
Lot of opinions being thrown
around on talk radio
about what to do
with that DeCarlo guy.
Since when do you listen
to talk radio?
Since you haven't fixed
the CD player in the car.
Talk radio is just that:
all talk.
Is he the man
you looked for forever?
Yep. Then your grandpa
took over, and then your father.
What did he do?
He shot and killed a cop,
that's what he did.
Allegedly.
Listen,
Pop saw DeCarlo
shoot Steve Dixon,
and eyewitness testimony
from a fellow police officer
goes a long way.
If that's what I really saw.
Look, I know I screwed up
a lot of the details with Erin
the other day.
It's almost 40 years.
I'm sure your original report
reflects what happened, Pop.
I wish I was so sure.
40 years is a long time.
DANNY: Come on, Gramps.
You've been carrying this around
half your life.
You're just gonna pull
the thread on it now?
JAMIE: Yeah, no matter
who remembers what,
DeCarlo still has to pay.
But first,
we got to build a case.
You know what you saw, Pop.
I didn't say I changed my mind.
What are we doing here?
Seeing if you're right.
I'm not following.
I called the lady
who thought
there was another person
in the car.
You did not.
Yeah, then I did
some poking around
Ted's life.
Saw what he might have been up
to the day that Mia was hit
and who he might
have been with.
(school bell ringing)
Well, who was it?
I'll talk to you guys later.
Carlos Santiago?
Yeah?
Relax. You're not in trouble.
Yeah, in fact,
uh, congratulations
are in order.
Heard you had a great meeting
with the recruiter
from Vanderbilt last Thursday.
How do you know that?
Uh, we're cops.
We find out stuff.
Yeah, you know, I always
wondered about those meetings.
What do they do?
Like, get you
into a fancy hotel suite,
give your dad a few drinks,
loosen him up,
and then they hit you
with the pitch?
My dad doesn't drink.
Well, he was arrested
for driving while intoxicated
about an hour
after your meeting.
I mean, I didn't see him
have any drinks that day.
Yeah, you did.
That's why you drove home.
Like a good son.
No, I-I took the bus home.
Yeah, you took the bus home
after you accidentally hit Mia,
and your dad made you get
out of the car
to keep you
from losing everything
you've worked so hard
to achieve.
Like a good dad.
Listen, Carlos,
we can't force you
to tell the truth.
In fact,
you can walk away right now,
and all this goes away.
JAMIE:
But how is it gonna feel,
playing without your dad
cheering for you
in the bleachers
all because
you let him go to jail
for a mistake that you made?
He was alone in that car.
So I am walking away.
DANNY:
What do you mean,
there's something hinky
with our case?
Would prefer “funky”?
We caught the killer, Doc.
No, you caught a killer.
What?
First and third victims.
.45 caliber bullet
through the scrotum and torso.
Right.
Angle of indicates a shooter
who's approximately
five-foot-ten.
That's what our guy is.
Right.
Your second victim, however,
killed using a different M.O.
His gun jammed;
he improvised.
Right, serrated hunting knife,
single stab wound
to the left chest.
What the hell is hinky
about that?
An attacker who's five-foot-ten
would angle more down
into the victim's sternum.
The angle on Ms. Robbins
is more level
indicating an attacker
who's no more
than five-foot-six.
So a shorter man.
Possibly.
But the depth of penetration
is markedly less
than typically associated
with the upper body strength
of a male.
Oh...
So, a shorter woman.
Son of a bitch.
It couldn't be.
Women hunt.
Janice?
Who else could it be?
Thanks, Doc.
Come on, we gotta go.
Detective Miller, sir.
(sighs)
Thank you, Baker.
Commissioner.
As you were.
Have a seat.
Do you know why
I detained your father
after the promotion
ceremony?
Yes, sir.
He told me about it.
Told you what, exactly?
Well, he said that there was
an incident when he was a kid,
a... a cop that had been
shot and killed,
and that he might have been
at the scene at the time.
“Might have been”?
Yes, sir.
He said that it was
almost 40 years ago.
He said he barely remembered it.
Well...
after the shooting,
he went into hiding
and changed his name.
He left that part out.
Your father's real name
is Donald DeCarlo.
My father
was on the job
and on the scene.
He thought then,
and we think now,
that DeCarlo was the shooter.
Sir, I swear, I have
no knowledge of any of this.
(clears throat)
The district attorney's office
believes that, uh...
we do not have a solid case,
as is.
Look, uh...
I would never ask you to testify
against your father.
Commissioner, I have
no testimony against him.
But if you asked him...
Sir?
...would he tell you the truth?
I don't know.
Would you be willing
to find out?
Ask my dad
if he killed that cop?
Yes.
While wearing a wire?
As an NYPD detective,
trying to close the case
on a murdered fellow officer.
(sighs)
Detective Miller,
this is not an order.
I want you to know
I am sincerely sorry
for what I'm asking you to do.
I think I understand the burden,
the... sheer weight
that I am putting
on your shoulders.
And I will understand
if you don't do it.
In which case, this conversation
never happened.
But I am asking.
Janice Phillips!
When we served
the search warrant,
she said she was going
back to Montana right away.
Maybe she had
more hunting to do.
Not using a gun.
We found all of Jerry's.
Well, she's handy
with a knife.
You could find those
easy enough in the city.
Well, who would
she go after?
Cat Holloway would know.
She might even
be on the list. (line ringing)
Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
CAT (recording): Cinema Kitty Studios.
Leave a message.
Nothing.
No answer?
No.
I'm driving.
You try
her again.
(clattering, glass breaking
nearby)
Is somebody there?
Hello?
Is there anybody there?
(shouts)
(grunting)
(moans, grunting)
(panting)
(moans)
(shouts)
(grunting)
It's your turn.
DANNY: Let her go, Janice!
No!
Let her go!
Help. (coughs)
No.
Let her go
right now.
(sobbing): No.
Help.
Cover me.
Help... me.
No, no! No. No!
Let her go! Let her go.
(coughing, gasping)
(sobbing):
No.
She killed our daughter.
They all killed
our daughter.
5-4 detectives to Central.
We need a bus
at 182 West 20th Street.
Female's been stabbed
at this location.
(sobbing)
We had to make them pay
for what they did to J-Josie.
All you did was make other
families pay in the process.
You and Jerry can think about
that while you're locked up
for the rest of your lives.
(siren chirping)
(Jamie sighs)
Another day, another dollar.
How 'bout Uptown Burger
Palace? My treat.
What for?
Believing me about
Ted Santiago.
I just wish it worked.
BUCKLEY:
Janko, Reagan,
you two really are something,
aren't you?
Got to get the gold star,
even if it means
stepping on another cop's back?
That's not what we were doing,
Detective.
Then why the hell
do I get a call
from Ted Santiago yelling
about cops
harassing his son at school?
Oh, you mean the son
you never interviewed?
You know what, let's find out
what your sergeant thinks
about you going
off the reservation.
I'm sure he'd like to hear
about how you handled the case.
Great.
Detective Buckley?
Here you go,
a formal complaint.
Only complaint I have
is about these two.
Go on. Tell her.
My dad wasn't driving
when that kid got hit.
I was.
What?
Then I took the blame and tried
to keep him out of trouble.
Bad enough when he got arrested
the other day.
Then I find out
what they really did?
Nuh-uh. Not in my house.
Baseball isn't half as important
as doing the right thing.
Smart lady.
Yeah, she is.
All right,
let's go up to the squad
and get this all sorted out.
(quietly):
Thank you.
(chuckles)
You still want
to go get that burger?
(chuckles)
Donald DeCarlo.
(sighs)
What is it now?
We got you.
You got squat.
Confessing on tape.
I didn't go on any tape.
You didn't know
you were going on tape.
Big difference.
Did you order him to do it?
Yes, I did.
But you're the one
who raised an NYPD detective.
What are you smiling at?
I've waited 40 years
to see the look on your face.
It was worth it.
Jimmy?
Donald DeCarlo,
you are under arrest
for the murder of
Police Officer Steven Dixon.
(handcuffs clicking) You have the right
to remain silent
and refuse
to answer questions.
Anything you do say
may be used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right
to consult an attorney
and to have an attorney present
during any questioning now
or in the
future...
And that's that.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org